Q1: 
This week me, Elin and Stina has continued working on Figma. The software has a lot of possibilities and it seems to me that i only know the top of the iceberg. I would like to know a lot more about Figma so that i can make really cool designs and prototypes. To do this, i will watch a lot of youtube tutorials and also play around in the program. This is a technique that i have used to learn other softwares so i know it works really well for me. I’m excited to learn more Figma. I would also like to understand more about the scrum-framework. Right now i’m aqcuainted with how it works and i feel like i understand the basics of it, but i would like to become more of an expert on it. To do this, we will probably just need to practise more by applying the framework as a team.


Q2:
Since i’ve only worked on Figma until now, i can only help other people in the group on this subject. We also have about the same knowledge on the scrum framework so i can’t provide any additional knowledge on this. I can help people to understand Figma better by showing how different functions work and how to make different designs and prototypes, since this is as far as my knowledge extends. Next week we will start to swap teams so that everyone will try on all parts of the project i.e backend, frontend and GUI. This might be an opportunity for me to learn from other people in the group. To be able to educate other people in the group on subjects other that figma, i will try my best to learn and understand the other programs and languages we are using in the project and then try to spread this knowledge to everyone in the group. This is a challenge for me, but it is also an opportunity for me to get greater understanding on these subjects. 


Q3: 
As i said earlier, i feel like i only know the basics of scrum right now. I try to work according to the scrum framework in our meetings and in work sprints, but it is easy to fall back into old habits if i don’t pay attention. I also tried to put more pressure on our PO to be very specific with what he wants us to deliver during our last meeting this wednesday, since this became a problem during our last sprint. In the future i would like to contribute a lot more with our use of scrum, and to achieve this i will need more practise. Scrum feels like something you learn by doing, not by reading about it in a book, and this is exactly what we as a team try to do each week. It is a long road but i feel like we make progress each sprint which motivates me further to learn even more. 


Q4:
So far i’ve worked in the GUI-team, which means i’ve had the role of defining the user interface. This has been a lot of fun, since you have a lot of freedom. It’s always fun to use your creativity to make something new. I’ve also put effort into discussing with the team and the PO about what our minimum vibale product is. Since our current project scope is to complete two user stories and then iterate them to improve and optimies our inital MVP, we first need to know what the MVP consists of. In the future i would also like to contribute with code. I will get the chance to do this from next week when we swap teams and i will be in a coding group. I’m looking forward to learning new programs and languages and i believe that i can contribute, but i’m also a bit afraid of this because i might slow down the work speed since i currently know next to nothing about the programs that we use. I will try my best to learn the programs and i will be very attentive when the backend and frontend groups explain how it works.